Unify the ext_tables.php (#2920)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ExtensionArchitecture/FileStructure/ExtTables.rst

of your extension. The file does not need to be registered but will be loaded
automatically:

..  literalinclude:: _ext_tables.php
    :language: php
    :caption: EXT:site_package/ext_tables.php

.. index:: Extension development; Scheduler task registration
.. _extension-configuration-files-scheduler:

Registering a scheduler task
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Scheduler tasks get registered in the ext_tables.php as well. Note that the Sysext "scheduler" has

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scheduler tasks get registered in :file:`ext_tables.php` as well. Note that the system extension "scheduler" has
```

to be installed for this to work.

..  literalinclude:: _ext_tables_scheduler.php
    :language: php
    :caption: EXT:site_package/ext_tables.php

.. index:: Extension development; Backend module registration
.. _extension-configuration-files-backend-module:

Registering a backend module
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

..  versionchanged:: 12.0
    The usage of :php:`ExtensionManagementUtility::registerModule()` is
    deprecated. In TYPO3 v12 it is not evaluated anymore. Register modules in
    :ref:`extension-configuration-backend-modules`.

If your extension needs to provide compatibility with TYPO3 v11 as well as v12
you can check which version is loaded in the :file:`ext_tables.php` and call

> :php:`ExtensionUtility::registerModule` for v11 to register a Extbase backend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:php:`ExtensionUtility::registerModule` for v11 to register an Extbase backend
```
